{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;\f1\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier-Oblique;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red191\green100\blue38;\red32\green32\blue32;\red88\green118\blue71;
\red153\green168\blue186;\red173\green169\blue32;\red254\green187\blue91;\red133\green96\blue154;\red86\green132\blue173;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c74902\c39216\c14902;\csgenericrgb\c12549\c12549\c12549;\csgenericrgb\c34510\c46275\c27843;
\csgenericrgb\c60000\c65882\c72941;\csgenericrgb\c67843\c66275\c12549;\csgenericrgb\c99608\c73333\c35686;\csgenericrgb\c52157\c37647\c60392;\csgenericrgb\c33725\c51765\c67843;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf2 \cb3 import \cf4 'package:ecommerce/pages/home/colors.dart'\cf2 ;\
import \cf4 'package:flutter/cupertino.dart'\cf2 ;\
import \cf4 'package:flutter/material.dart'\cf2 ;\
\
class \cf5 RecommendedFoodDetail \cf2 extends \cf5 StatelessWidget \{\
  \cf2 const \cf5 RecommendedFoodDetail(\{Key? key\}) : \cf2 super\cf5 (key: key)\cf2 ;\
\
  \cf6 @override\
  \cf5 Widget \cf7 build\cf5 (BuildContext context) \{\
    \cf2 return \cf7 Scaffold\cf5 (\
      body: \cf7 CustomScrollView\cf5 (\
        slivers: [\
          \cf7 SliverAppBar\cf5 (\
            \
            pinned: \cf2 true,\
            \cf5 backgroundColor: AppColors.
\f1\i \cf8 paraColor
\f0\i0 \cf2 ,\
            \cf5 expandedHeight: \cf9 300\cf2 ,\
            \cf5 flexibleSpace: \cf7 FlexibleSpaceBar\cf5 (\
             background: \cf7 Image\cf5 .\cf7 asset\cf5 (\
               \cf4 'asset/image/food14.png'\cf2 ,\
               \cf5 width: double.
\f1\i \cf8 maxFinite
\f0\i0 \cf2 ,\
               \cf5 fit: BoxFit.\cf8 cover\cf2 ,\
             \cf5 )\cf2 ,\
            \cf5 )\cf2 ,\
          \cf5 )\cf2 ,\
          \cf7 SliverToBoxAdapter\cf5 (\
            child: \cf7 Text\cf5 (\
              \cf4 "The best ultimate salad for you! Spicy Radish & Tangerine Quinoa Salad is made with spicy radishes, wholesome quinoa, zesty tangerines, peppery arugula, crunchy pistachios, creamy avocado, and a turmeric ginger dressing. Easy to make, vegan, impressive, and delicious. This Spicy Radish & Tangerine Quinoa Salad is full of depth and flavor! a quick, fresh, healthy lunch or dinner on the warmest of days! Vegetarian, and Gluten-Free. It\'92s the perfect salad to keep you on track with your healthy eating goals. Don\'92t let this quick and healthy salad idea pass you by!"\
            \cf5 )\cf2 ,\
          \cf5 )\
        ]\cf2 ,\
      \cf5 )\cf2 ,\
    \cf5 )\cf2 ;\
  \cf5 \}\
\}\
\
}